build nightly casync build in jenkins (#31880)
commaai/openpilot: release/README.md

# openpilot releases

## terms

> `channel` - a named version of openpilot (git branch, casync caidx) which receives updates<br>

Reviewer: shouldn't need to use a `<br>` in a markdown file. just use bullets or something

- `prebuilt` - a release which is already built for the comma 3/3x and contains only required files for running openpilot and identifying the release

> - `release` - a `prebuilt` release with `ALLOW_DEBUG=false` (`RELEASE=1` when building panda, ex: `nightly`, `release3`)

Author: ```suggestion
- `debug` - a `prebuilt` release with `ALLOW_DEBUG=true` (`RELEASE=0` when building panda, ex: `nightly`, `release3`) which allows for testing experimental features
```

> - `release` - a `prebuilt` release with `ALLOW_DEBUG=false` (`RELEASE=1` when building panda, ex: `nightly`, `release3`)

Author: ```suggestion
- `debug` - a `prebuilt` release with `ALLOW_DEBUG=true` (`RELEASE=0` when building panda, ex: `nightly`, `release3`) which allows for testing experimental features
```

## openpilot channels

| channel      | type        | description                                                       |
| -----------  | ----------- | ----------                                                        |

> | release3     | `release`   | channel for end users                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| release     | `release`   | stable release of openpilot                                             |
```

| staging      | `release`   | staging channel for release3                                      |
| nightly      | `release`   | generated nightly from last commit passing CI tests               |
| master       | `prebuilt`  | current master commit with experimental features enabled          |

> | git branches | none        | installed manually, experimental features enabled, build required |

Reviewer: git type?

## creating casync channel

`create_casync_prebuilt.sh` - creates a `prebuilt` casync openpilot channel, ready to upload to `openpilot-channels`

```bash
# run on a tici, within the directory you want to create the channel from.
# creates a prebuilt version of openpilot into BUILD_DIR and outputs the caidx
# and other casync files into CASYNC_DIR for uploading to openpilot-channels.
BUILD_DIR=/data/openpilot_build    \
CASYNC_DIR=/data/casync            \
OPENPILOT_CHANNEL=nightly          \
release/create_casync_prebuilt.sh
```

> `upload_casync_channel.sh` - helper for uploading a casync channel to `openpilot-channels`

Reviewer: shouldn't this be upload_casync_release? "release" is like a git commit, and "channel" is analogous to a branch, so multiple channels can serve the same release

## release channel

> to create a release channel, set `RELEASE=1` environment variable when running build script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to create a release build, set `RELEASE=1` environment variable when running the build script
```
